Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-maze-game
<br>
5/5 - (1 vote)

Introduction:Maze Game is introduced to you during the lectures. You are required to logically extend the functionality of tgame via the modification of the code base as well as documentation and implementation of various user stories.You will use the Boost methodology discussed during lectures, which requires the use of pair programming.This pair programming in mandatory for this assignment and you have to discuss the matter with your lecturer for any exception. The code base provided for this assignment has already been implemented with “warm up” and some “sets”. You will be implementing numerous other “sets” for this assignment using the Boost methodology.Before starting the assignment, it is highly recommended for you to spend a few minutes to be familiarize with the given code, especially to understand the roles of each class plays within the system.Requirements:In Pairs:Task-1. Design and implement a custom environment for your maze game. This requires producing your ownunique hand-drawn map of the maze game environment and changing the HardCodedData file to reflect thelocations and items on your map. At least M (M4) locations, including Exactly N (N2) shops with acondition MN, must be included, as well as enough items to allow for proper testing of the game functionality.For example, there must be sufficient items to verify that a player cannot collect an item if the weight restrictionhas been met. Note: you should not retain the original locations or items from the provided code base in yourversion of the game.Task-2. Write down the functionalities as detailed in Lab 7 and Lab 8 according to Behavioral DrivenDevelopment (BDD). For more details about BDD, see Appendix-1.Task-3. Implement each of the following deliverables / milestones:a. functionalities or scenarios developed in Task-2b. commands to manage the various item management commands:i. listItems, getItem and dropItem, to allow listing of all held items, collect a new item and dropa held item.ii. equipItem and unequipItem, to wear / wield a held item, and to stop wearing or wielding anequipped item.iii. purchaseItem and sellItem, to buy an item from a vendor and to sell an item to a vendor.Ensure that weight restrictions are not exceeded and that the context for each command isappropriate. For example, purchasing and selling of items should only occur in a shop.c. basic combat functions, allowing a player to attack or to be attacked by a non-player character (NPC).A player may flee combat or continue to attack until such time as one combatant loses all life points.The end result must not be hard-coded, and neither the hostile NPCs nor player may have their attributesconfigured in such a way that the final outcome is pre-determined. Note that combat functions shouldonly be available when the player is in the presence of a hostile NPC, and combat may take whateverform is appropriate for your game context rather than being limited to just hits with a weapon.Task-4. Produce a nice power-point/latex presentation (maximum 20 slides) describing the steps to play and howit is implemented. Discuss about the role of design patterns in the game, clearly identifying the functionalitywhere design patterns have had an impact and how this has occurred. Reflect on the use of a developmentmethodology in creating the game. Clearly mention about an additional feature that could be incorporated in thesoftware. Show the BDD statements in a few slides that you have developed for Task-2.Task-5. Prepare a Jira account (one account for a team), and create Tickets (story) that you are planning to do. Ajira ticket/story is a small job that is assigned to any of you and there is an estimation of how long it will taketime to finish the job. You can divide the jira board into 5 vertical sections: Ready to Development, InDevelopment, Ready to Test, In Test and Done. Once a ticket is ready to move from one column to another,move it accordingly. Provide the user name and password in the report so that the Lecturer can verifyyour development activity directly from your Jira account. Prepare a nice summary of your Jira activitywhich will include the screenshot of your Jira board and the burndown chart.